Update docs for the website (#523)
freeletics/FlowRedux: docs/dsl-cheatsheet.md

# DSL Cheatsheet

If you want to learn more about a particular part of the DSL, we recommend taking a look at the [user guide](user-guide/).

The following section describes the syntax and usage of the DSL blocks:

```kotlin
spec {
    inState<State1>{ // inState is always a "top level" element

        // Handle external "input", called Actions
        on<Action1>{ action, state -> ... } //  Handle an action

>         on<Action2>(ExecutionPolicy){ action, state -> ... } //  You can have multiple on<Action> blocks. Optinal specify ExecutionPolicy

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        on<Action2>(ExecutionPolicy){ action, state -> ... } //  You can have multiple on<Action> blocks. Optionally specify ExecutionPolicy
```

       
        // Do something when you enter the state.

>         onEnter{ state -> ... } // called exactly one time when the given state has been entered

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        onEnter{ state -> ... } // Called exactly one time when the given state has been entered
```

        onEnter{ state -> ... } // You can have multiple onEnter blocks
        

>         // Collect a Flow (from coroutine package) as long as the state machine is in the state (see inState<State>)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // Collect a Flow (from kotlinx.coroutines) as long as the state machine is in the state (see inState<State>)
```

        collectWhileInstate(flow1) { valueEmitedFromFlow, state -> ... } // stops flow collection when state is left
        collectWhileInstate(flow2) { valueEmitedFromFlow, state -> ... } // You can have multiple collectWhileInstate

        // Effects to do something without changing the state (i.e. logging, analytics, ...)
        onActionEffect<Action1>{ action, state -> ... } // You can have multiple onActionEffect
        onEnterEffect{ state -> ... } // You can have multiple onEnterEffect
        collectWhileInStateEffect(flow1){ valueEmitedFromFlow, state -> ... } // You can have multiple collectWhileInstate

>         // hierarchical state machines

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // Hierarchical state machines
```

        onEnterStartStateMachine(
            stateMachineFactory = { stateSnapshot : State1  -> OtherStateMachine() },
            stateMapper = { state : State<State1>, otherStateMachineState : OtherState ->
                ...
            }
        )     
        onActionStartStateMachine<Action1>(
            stateMachineFactory = { action, stateSnapshot : State1 -> OtherStateMachine() },
            stateMapper = { state : State<State1>, otherStateMachineState :OtherState ->
                    ...
                }
            )
        onEnterStartStateMachine(...) // You can have multiple onEnterStartStateMachine
        onActionStartStateMachine(...) // You can have multiple onActionStartStateMachine

        // Custom conditions
        condition({state.someString == "Hello" }){
            // Everything inside this block only executes if the surounding condition is met 
            // and the state machine is in the state as specified by the top level inState<State1>.

>             // 
>             //  you can have multiple of the dsl blocks, i.e. multiple on<Action> blocks and so on.
>             on<Action3>{ action, state -> ... } // you can have multiple on<Action>

Reviewer: ```suggestion

            //  You can have each DSL block multiple times, i.e. multiple on<Action> blocks and so on.
            on<Action3>{ action, state -> ... }
```

Author: Way better 👌

            onEnter{ state -> ... }
            collectWhileInState(flow){ valueEmitedFromFlow, state -> ... } 
            onActionEffect{ action, state -> ...}
            onEnterEffect{ state -> ... }
            collectWhileInStateEffect(flow){ valueEmitedFromFlow, state -> ... } 
            onEnterStartStateMachine(...)
            onActionStartStateMachine(...)

>             untilIdentityChanged({ state.id }) {

Reviewer: Should this be moved out of `condition` and then we only have a "stub" here?

Author: Not sure if I understand what you mean ...

Reviewer: Structure wise you have something like
```
inState {
  on // with description
  onEnter // with description
  collectWhileInState // with description
  ...

  conditition {

    on // NO description
    onEnter // NO description
    collectWhileInState // NO description

    untilIdentityChanged // with description
  }
}
```
My suggestion would be to move `untilIdentityChanged` one level higher and don't have a description for it inside condition

```
inState {
  on // with description
  onEnter // with description
  collectWhileInState // with description
  ...

  conditition {

    on // NO description
    onEnter // NO description
    collectWhileInState // NO description

    untilIdentityChanged // version of untilIdentityChanged that is only ran if the condition block is active, see below for more
  }
  
  untilIdentityChanged // with description
}
```

                // Everyhting inside this block executes only as long as the "identity" (in this example state.id)
                // doesn't change. When it changes, then the previous executions will be canceled and 
                // this block starts again but with the changed state

>                 //
>                 //  you can have multiple of the dsl blocks, i.e. multiple on<Action> blocks and so on.
>                 on<Action3>{ action, state -> ... } // you can have multiple on<Action>

Reviewer: ```suggestion

                //  You can have each DSL block multiple times, i.e. multiple on<Action> blocks and so on.
                on<Action3>{ action, state -> ... }
```

                onEnter{ state -> ... }
                collectWhileInState(flow){ valueEmitedFromFlow, state -> ... } 
                onActionEffect{ action, state -> ...}
                onEnterEffect{ state -> ... }
                collectWhileInStateEffect(flow){ valueEmitedFromFlow, state -> ... } 
                onEnterStartStateMachine(...)
                onActionStartStateMachine(...)

                // Please note that you cannot have a condition block inside an untilIdentityChanged block
            }

>             // Please note taht you cannot have nested conditions inside a condition block

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            // Please note that you cannot have nested conditions inside a condition block
```
